NETHACK 3.6.0 WITH DEVNULL PATCHES

This is for building nethack on a game server for the devnull tournament
that runs every year in November. Details of the tournament are at
https://nethack.devnull.net, and in #devnull_nethack on the freenode
irc network.
Volunteers to host game servers for the tournament are generally sought
after and welcome, so if that's you, read on:


YOU WILL ALSO NEED:
- the tournament directory structure (coming soon to another repo)
- the zapm game (which is required for one of the special devnull
  "challenges"), available at http://zapm.org. 


BUILD INSTRUCTIONS:
Full game-server build/configure instructions will be available in the
tournament repo.  These instructions cover building the nethack game
itself. Full build instructions for nethack are provided by the devteam
and are retained here (start with the README file), but the following
should be enough to produce a tournament-ready build.

- Most local config is in sys/unix/hints/devnull.
  Because of this, not too much will need to change in the Makefiles or
  headers.  Modify the hints file to suit your environment.
then from sys/unix: 
	./setup.sh hints/devnull
then from the top level
	make all
	sudo make install
- Follow the remaining instructions for building the tournament server.
- check system-wide defaults and options in NETHACKDIR/sysconf 
- Keep a backup of the tournament directory (and xlogfile and anything
  else you want to keep) as "make install" blats the
  entire contents of NETHACKDIR.


QUESTIONS/ISSUES
I can be contacted on the Freenode irc network as Tangles, and am
happy to take questions on the devnull code patches (noting that
none of this code is my own work).  Issues and bugs in nethack itself
should be reported to the nethack devteam, and questions about the
tournament or offers to help should be directed to the lead tournament
administrator, irc nick krystal, via the contact details on the devnull website.


THANKS
I would like to thank everyone involved in building, running and
participating in the devnull tournament to date, and a special
thanks to krystal, who gives up his time and energy every year to
almost single-handedly run the tournament and who is responsible for
making this the longest-running game tournament on the Internet.

Enjoy!
